[Home](../../index.md)

[Incident Log](../Incident-log.md)

# 31st Mira HQ incident

Uncovered by Bravo-2, Imposters have been seen to have the ability to get a significant boost in overall power and abilities. The noticed boosted imposter (Due to the unknown nature and overall danger of boosted imposters, i suggest that we have a direct alert system for any cases in which they are spotted) was that of the seedling. I shall refer to it as the Flower for now until we have an appropriate system for referring to the boosters.

It all started with Agent RedDeath (the one writing this incident report) getting his team Bravo-2 to open up the reactor. We had already searched the entire building and were even able to find a survivor who was in shock, so we had put him in the escape pod on the ship. We all had a bad feeling everytime we got close to the reactor airlock, and what made it worse for some reason was that all of the vents that led to the reactor were blocked with metal sheets welded in place, removing any easy entrance, or perhaps removing any easy exit.
After having our most experienced agent with electronics Jimmy the airlock open. We had all entered the airlock, weapons ready, fingers on our triggers and we approached the end of it. As the other door opened, we wished we had never been courageous, or stupid. At the end of the day, they are the same, the only difference being if it worked or not. In the reactor, sat two imposters, and the lab also had one stuck in a chamber, all but the lab rat were feasting on the assumed missing corpses of the crew. When they turned to us, our only response was to attack. Unfortunately, due to our panic, we missed the majority of our shots, resulting in half of us getting slaughtered and only minimal damage done to the imposters. It only caused them to get even more aggravated, leaving the rest of us to fire and run. At last luck was on our side as the back airlock door closed on one, not killing it, but stopping it temporarily while the other slashed away at a few of the final men. I was all alone. It stopped chasing as I was slightly faster and was capable of escaping to somewhere, the lights were out as I ran, so I only hoped to get to a safe spot and hide.
I had sat there for what felt like hours, but in reality was only 10 minutes under that desk before communications and the lights were turned on. I suppose that the imposters wanted to kill me after giving me a slight glimpse at hope. I can only remember that when I had tried to go to admin or office, in one last hope of getting some info out of Mira HQ, they saw me. I was at the time talking with Lead Detective CG, apparently cutting out. As a last ditch effort I fired all I had left, totalling three bullets. I landed a head shot on an unidentified one, and immobilized a Piercer. I ran past it, picking up a gun and gas mask from Agent Dark, shooting the Piercer and placing the mask on, as a last comfort from my team. In the office, I had stabilized my connection, but not after marveling at a weird sight. Plants, everywhere. On the walls, out the floor even in the exposed wiring. All coming from the greenhouse. Before I slipped into admin to grab any flash drives or usbs, I saw a figure, like an imposter, primarily a seedling. It was covered in flowers, so I decided to call it that. After grabbing everything from admin, I slipped through the vents to get into the office and got any last files.
I was filled with worry, until Detective CG connected cams to the office computer. And we both saw the strangest thing ever. The flower and the imposters I KILLED, standing there, FIGHTING. I was barely able to make out sparks coming from the unknown imposter, I’ll call him sparky later when I get to his entry. I slipped into vents and crawled for launchpad, my last hope at survival. Stopping only at decontamination to get rid of any spores on my suit, I then went on. Despite the holes in the floor, and making direct eye contact with all three imposters, they only saw to kill each other. I hastily closed the gate to the launchpad, checked if the vent was blocked and got in the dropship to leave.

I thought I was completely home free, we were all celebrating and Rick had even popped in for a moment. While checking the dropship as nothing felt right, and i doubt it will ever feel right again after today, I saw a simple Piercer, clearly injured, waiting to see if he could either live after a supposed encounter with the Flower or to kill me. I shot it and pushed it out the airlock. Leaving me in this dropship, waiting to arrive home, checking over this incident report and files, wondering if I’ll be able to sleep for a while.

*Author:* RedDeath1026#0888