**Item #:** 
IMP-002

**Danger Level:** ?

**Rarity:** ?

**Codename:** 
Puppeteer

**Status:**
Unknown?

**Description:** 
The puppeteer mutation is hard to find, both from it being rare and cautious. It is an imposter that takes the personality and looks of someone associated with a Crewmate, for example a father or friend. It will work alone with the target Crewmate, while working alone it will attempt to convince the crewmate it is an imposter too. The Crewmate will generally become aggressive, murderous in worst cases, while the Puppeteer Imposter will not be in the line of suspicion. Crewmates have found an impromptu solution to the Puppeteer Imposter. The Puppeteer Imposter seems to draw it’s personality from the memories of the target Crewmate, written information not included.

**Incident Log:**

[12/06/2043]

During the 195th MIRA HQ incident, Crewmates interrogated the imposter before throwing it out the Airship, audio files recovered:

< Begin Log >

Red: “So, orange. How’s your cat?”

Orange: “Sorry, when did i have a cat? I’ve forgotten.”

Red: “The one you sent to your parents 2 weeks ago, the one you wanted me to see one last time.”

Orange: “When did i say that? You’re lying.”

[Red proceeded to pull out a mobile phone, they then show the screen to orange. It is a line of texts.]

Red: “You texted me on exactly 15 days and 5 hours ago. You wouldn’t just forget about giving your cat away.”

Orange: “I remove all my texts!”

Red: “What it’s name?”

Orange: “Huh?”

Red: “Whats it’s name!”

[Orange proceeded sit for 5 minutes, saying “Uh.” And “Uhm....” before Lime and purple entered]

Lime: “He the imposter?”

Red: “Yep, throw him over the balcony!”

[Lime and purple begin to drag a screaming orange out of the room. Audio cuts out]

< End Log >

*Rating:*
?/5

*Author:*
Coolscee Haming#4671